Add separate MathML annotation pages (#36014)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/mathml/element/annotation-xml/index.md

---
title: <annotation-xml>
slug: Web/MathML/Element/annotation-xml
page-type: mathml-element
browser-compat: mathml.elements.annotation-xml
---

{{MathMLRef}}

> The **`<annotation-xml>`** [MathML](/en-US/docs/Web/MathML) element contaiting an annotation to the MathML expression in {{glossary("XML")}} format, for example [Content MathML](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MathML#Content_MathML) or {{glossary("SVG")}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`<annotation-xml>`** [MathML](/en-US/docs/Web/MathML) element contains an annotation to the MathML expression in the {{glossary("XML")}} format, for example [Content MathML](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MathML#Content_MathML) or {{glossary("SVG")}}.
```

> [!NOTE]

> > Annotations are not supposed to be rendered by browsers and are hidden by default. Although Firefox and Safari render some annotation formats if the first child of the {{mathmlelement("semantics")}} element contains errors or missing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Annotations are not supposed to be rendered by browsers and are hidden by default. However, Firefox and Safari render some annotation formats if the first child of the {{mathmlelement("semantics")}} element contains errors or is missing.
```
